DOC-3337: Views could not be opened during the `init` event. (#3946)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.3.1-release-notes.adoc

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following bug fix<es>:

=== Views could not be opened during the `init` event.
// #TINY-13463

> Prior to {release-version}, the `init` event did not open editor views, which meant that views triggered during initialization were not visible when the editor finished loading. {release-version} addresses this by ensuring that views can now be opened during the editor’s `init` event, ensuring that any views initialized at this stage are visible immediately after initialization completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to {release-version}, editor views were not registered until after the CSS was loaded, which meant that they could not be opened until after editor initialization. {release-version} addresses this by registering views sooner, before editor initialization.
```
